(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now it's time for you
to have your first challenge.
And that is to go ahead and build your own data service
based on the data that I've provided.
So let's talk a little bit about what that's going to be.
I'm going to ask you to implement one of the two data services
or you can pick both if you want to.
But you're going to use the data payloads
that I've already provided in the DB data folder.
The two services that we need to provide
is one for reservations,
and that's going to be called the reservation service,
and the other one is the room services.
Both of which are going to be basically identical
to our guest services.
Obviously the entities are going to be different,
but that's all we need to do,
is go ahead and do the same web service methods,
same interface and use the appropriate data payload.
So take a little bit of time.
Get this done, and I'll be back to you
with a solution of my own.